sup everyone Derrick Rose here and I'm
just doing a review of my ump45 airsoft
gun that I got probably like a couple
nights ago like four or five days can't
remember um got it for a hundred
thirty-five dollars from airsoft
megastore calm as i'll tell you the
metal parts in the plastic part this has
a all plastic receiver plastic handguard
plastic mag this didn't come with it i
just put this handle on it i had but
metal all metal rails tri-rail oh and on
the other side to israel upper mount
rail full metal gear box and metal
barrel and metal trigger and not that
trigger mag release it's mostly ABS
plastic but it's pretty high quality
doesn't scratch or anything of course
the orange flash art that just hate but
I think they make it look pretty nice on
this gun it has around 350 378 PS will
point to grand babies and it's it's a
really accurate gun it's actually way
more accurate than I than I thought it
would be as fire selector where you it's
pretty easy to use you know um safe semi
Alex I think you see that semi in an
auto it's ambidextrius' so it's on both
sides same with the sling mount you got
one here you got one over here and these
over here and but the mounts are not
ambidextrous on this side that means
they don't have them and also this is
the hop-up system
you turn it to the right to hop up left
to hop down and I'll show you with the
batteries what you gotta do is hold on a
sec you gotta press this button and them
stock will fold and the battery is in
here to really tight fit so it's putting
on we gotta do this and the batteries in
there I'm sorry I'm do not want to take
it out it's incredibly north yet back in
that's the only bad part about this gun
is this batteries i charged it for four
and a half hours and seems to be pretty
good so yeah i'm here the iron sights
there are some metal i really like the
iron sights like the same like video
games over there um um I don't think I
said everything I need to say to
effective range is about a hundred it's
it on the website hundred 6280 but I
think more like 130 just some it's a
submachine gun so it really doesn't have
that great range um and have any
questions or anything just comment all
right bye